Align oauth documentation for to the delegated auth mode (#1199)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/assembly_configuring-github-oauth.adoc

[id="configuring-github-oauth_{context}"]
= Configuring GitHub OAuth

> OAuth for Github allows to enable automatic SSH key upload to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth for GitHub allows for automatic SSH key upload to GitHub.
```

.Procedure

> * Setup link:https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app[github oauth client]. The *Authorization callback URL* will be filled in the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up the link:https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app[GitHub OAuth client]. The *Authorization callback URL* is filled in the next steps.
```

> * If {prod-short} is deployed in link:{site-baseurl}/che-7/running-che-locally/#deploying-multi-user-che-in-multi-user-mode[multi-user mode]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For {prod-short} deployed in link:{site-baseurl}/che-7/running-che-locally/#deploying-multi-user-che-in-multi-user-mode[multi-user mode]:
```

> . Go to the Keycloak administration console and select *Identity Providers* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the Keycloak administration console and select the *Identity Providers* tab.
```

> . Select *GitHub* identity provider in the drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *GitHub* identity provider in the drop-down list.
```

> . Paste the *Redirect URI* to the *Authorization callback URL* of the GitHub oauth app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Paste the *Redirect URI* to the *Authorization callback URL* of the GitHub OAuth application.
```

. Select *GitHub* identity provider in the drop-down list.
. Paste the *Redirect URI* to the *Authorization callback URL* of the GitHub oauth app.
. Fill the *Client ID* and *Client Secret* from the GitHub oauth app.
. Enable *Store Tokens*.
. Save the changes of the Github Identity provider and click *Register application* in the GitHub oauth app page.
+
image::git/github_oauth.png[]
image::git/github-keycloak-setup.png[]

ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]
. On OpenShift or Kubernetes, update the deployment configuration (see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/openshift-config.html[OpenShift configuration]).
* If {prod-short} is deployed in single-user mode
. On OpenShift or Kubernetes, update the deployment configuration (see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/advanced-configuration-options/#che-configmaps-and-their-behavior_advanced-configuration-options[{prod-short} configMaps and their behavior],
link:{site-baseurl}che-7/advanced-configuration-options/#che-installed-using-a-helm-chart[{prod-short} installed using a Helm Chart]).
+
[subs=+quotes]
----
CHE_OAUTH_GITHUB_CLIENTID=__<your-github-client-id>__
CHE_OAUTH_GITHUB_CLIENTSECRET=__<your-github-secret>__
----

> endif::[]

Reviewer: Return the end of the condition, please.

> . In the *Authorization callback URL* field of the GitHub oauth app, enter `{prod-url}/api/oauth/callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Authorization callback URL* field of the GitHub OAuth application, enter `__<prod-url__/api/oauth/callback`.
```

> * Substitute `{prod-url}` with the URL and port of your {prod-short} installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Substitute `_<prod-url>_` with the URL and port of the {prod-short} installation.
```
